Update docs to mention that <all_urls> is valid for externally_connectable (#7728)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/messaging/index.md

This exposes the messaging API to any page that matches the URL patterns you specify. The URL
pattern must contain at least a [second-level domain][wiki-second-level]; that is, hostname patterns such as "\*",

> "\*.com", "\*.co.uk", and "\*.appspot.com" are not supported. If you require access to all domains, you may use
> the special pattern <code>&lt;all_urls&gt;</code>, but note that because it affects all hosts, Chrome web store
> reviews for extensions that use it [may take longer][review-time-factors].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"\*.com", "\*.co.uk", and "\*.appspot.com" are not supported. Starting in Chrome 107, you can use
<code>&lt;all_urls&gt;</code> to access all domains. Note that because it affects all hosts,
Chrome web store reviews for extensions that use it [may take longer][review-time-factors].
```

> [`runtime.sendMessage()`][runtime-send-msg] or [`runtime.connect()`][runtime-connect] APIs to send

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`runtime.sendMessage()`][runtime-send-msg] or [`runtime.connect()`][runtime-connect] APIs to send
```
